Objective: 
  Predict the exact number of tricks you will take in each round. 
  When there are no more cards to be dealt, 
  the player with the highest score wins the game. 

Components: 
  There are four suits: red, blue, green, yellow. 
  Each suit has cards 0-14, where 0 and 14 are special cards. 
  0 is a naar, which loses to any other card, 
  and 14 is a wizard, which beats any other card. 

Scoring: 
  If you are exactly correct, you receive 2 points for being correct,
  and 1 point for each trick you won that round. 
  If you are incorrect, you lose 1 point for each trick you were off by. 

Vocabulary: 
  A trick consists of a mini-round where each player plays one card. 
  A round starts when you are dealt a new hand,
  and ends when you have played enough tricks so your hand is empty. 

Dealing cards: 
  To select the first dealer, each player is dealt one card,
  and the highest card deals. 
  For the first deal, deal each player one card. 
  For the second deal, deal each player two cards,
  etc. until there are no more cards to be equally dealt. 

  The deal passes to the left after each round and the new dealer
  shuffles all 60 cards. After each deal, the next card on the deck
  is turned up to determine the trump suit.
  If the card turned up is a Naar (0), 
  it is turned down and there is no trump for that round.

  If the card turned up is a Wizard (14),
  the dealer chooses one of the four suits as the trump suit.
  On the last round of each game all cards
  are dealt out so there is no trump suit. 

Bidding: 
  Each player, in turn, beginning to the left of the dealer
  states the number of tricks he/she will take (zero or one on the first round)
  and the scorer records it on the score pad. 
  The total number of tricks bid may or may not equal the total number of
  tricks available, meaning that if there are y tricks in a round,
  and the bids up to the last person total z,
  then the last person cannot bid y-z. 

Gameplay:
  The play begins to the left of the dealer. 
  Any card may be led. 
  Players continue to play in clockwise order and must follow suit of the
  first card played in each trick, regardless of the trump suit.

  If a player cannot follow the suit led, the player may play any other suit,
  including the trump suit. A Wizard or a Jester may be played at any time,
  even if the player is holding a card of the suit led.

A trick is won:
  By the first Wizard played.
  if no Wizard is played, by the highest trump played.
  if no trump is played, by the highest card of the suit led.
  The winner of the trick leads next.

Leading Wizards or Naar:
  If the lead card is a Wizard,
  it wins the trick and players may play any card they wish,
  including another Wizard. If the lead card is a Naar,
  it is a null card and the suit for this round is determined
  by the next card played. Naars always lose.

  The one exception to this is if only Naars are played,
  the first Naar played wins the trick.

Rules were derived from rules in the original wizard play-set, published here:
  https: //www.ultraboardgames.com/wizard/game-rules.php